[fix] Allow to support multiple strategies (#17)
fastify/fastify-oauth2: README.md

})

fastify.get('/login/facebook/callback', async function (request, reply) {
  const result = await this.facebookOAuth2.getAccessTokenFromAuthorizationCodeFlow(request)

  console.log(result.access_token)

  reply.send({ access_token: result.access_token })
})

fastify.register(oauthPlugin, {
	name: 'githubOAuth2',
	credentials: {
	  client: {
	    id: 'my-client-id',
	    secret: 'my-secret'
    },
	  auth: oauthPlugin.GITHUB_CONFIGURATION
	},
	startRedirectPath: '/login/github',
	callbackUri: 'http://localhost:3000/login/github/callback',
	scope: ['notifications']
})

fastify.get('/login/github/callback', function (request, reply) {
	return this.githubOAuth2.getAccessTokenFromAuthorizationCodeFlow(request)
	  .then(result => {
	    const token = this.githubOAuth2.accessToken.create(result)
	    return {
        access_token: token.token.access_token,
	      refresh_token: token.token.refresh_token,
	      expires_in: token.token.expires_in,
	      token_type: token.token.token_type
	    }

> 	  })

Reviewer: Can you please lint example? There seems a bit too many spaces at the beginning of the line.

  reply.send({ access_token: result.access_token })
})

fastify.register(oauthPlugin, {

> 	name: 'githubOAuth2',

Reviewer 2: Could you use double spaced instead of a tab?
So the example could be more readable and "pastable copy"

## Reference

This fastify plugin decorates the fastify instance with the [`simple-oauth2`](https://github.com/lelylan/simple-oauth2)

> instance so that when you register the a plugin like `fastify.register(oauthPlugin, {name: 'foo'})` you'll have access to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instance using the name attribute, so when you register a plugin like `fastify.register(oauthPlugin, {name: 'foo'})` you'll have access to the
```
